# About unzip-util
These are a set of simple python scripts to use with GitHub Actions to use with [Paligo](https://paligo.net/). Used in combination with GitHub Pages, these scripts allow you to automatically push changes from Paligo that are automatically updated in the live version of the documentation. 

# Prerequisites
You must first [connect Paligo to GitHub](https://paligo.net/docs/en/github-integration.html#connect-paligo-to-github) in order to use these scripts.

# How to use these scripts
0. Download the contents of this repository (Code > Download ZIP).
1. Copy the scripts into the root folder of the repository where Paligo will insert the .zip file.
2. Edit each of the three scripts, replacing "{folder-name}" with the output name from the .zip file [generated by Paligo when you publish to GitHub](https://paligo.net/docs/en/github-integration.html#publish-content-to-github).
3. Copy the unzip-util.yml file into the root folder of the repository.
4. Save and push the changes.
5. Setup GitHub Pages.
   1. In GitHub, go to Settings > Pages.
   2. Select a source and save.
6. Setup GitHub Actions.
   1. In GitHub, go to Actions > set up a workflow yourself.
   2. Copy the contents of the unzip-util.yml folder into the editor and commit the changes. This will produce a failed build, but that's expected. You haven't pushed the content from Paligo yet.
7. Trigger a build in Paligo.

# What should happen
1. Paligo pushes the .zip file to your GitHub repository.
2. GitHub Actions unzips the files, moves the contents to the root folder, and removes unneeded files.
3. Since you're hosting the site's content using GitHub Pages it will automatically reflect the changes once Actions completes successfully. 

